The code seems to be well-organized and easy to read. However, you might consider refactoring the code to use an object-oriented design. For example, the CircuitGUI namespace contains a lot of global variables and functions that are related to the GUI, but they are not encapsulated in a class. Instead, you could create a CircuitGui class that contains these variables and functions as members. This would make the code more modular and easier to maintain.

You might also consider using a better naming convention for your variables and functions. For example, End in allEndCircles and allEnds is not very descriptive. You could use more descriptive names such as nodeCircle and nodePositions.

In the Entity class, you have a public enumeration serial that is used to represent the type of component. Instead of using an enumeration, you might consider using a class hierarchy. For example, you could have a base Component class with derived classes for each type of component (e.g. Resistor, Capacitor, etc.). This would allow you to store more information about each component, and it would make it easier to add new types of components in the future.

In the main function, you have a lot of global variables that are used to track the state of the program. You might consider encapsulating these variables in a Context class, which could be passed around as needed. This would make the code easier to maintain and would make it easier to add new features in the future.

The main function also has a lot of nested if-else statements that are used to handle different events. You might consider using a more structured approach to handling events, such as using a state machine or a switch statement. This would make the code easier to understand and would reduce the risk of errors.

You might also consider adding comments to the code to help explain the purpose and function of different parts of the program. This would make the code easier for other people to understand and would help you remember how the code works when you come back to it in the future.